I understand that you are extremely good
with a digit spinner I have never used a
fidget spinner before in my life
could you please teach me how to use one
well the spinner I'm not good at all but
I mean just spinning like and like I
actually saw this like two weeks ago
because like Grayson was like keep
playing around with spinner so I just
music do this and you settle I just do
it and I think solutio think it's really
good like he just like put the put the
spinner like I can't no you're not and I
can't I don't my legs but no no like
okay no all right let me let me let me
try I'm gonna I'll let you hold the mic
all right there you go
so just hold it like that and then I
spend oh this is easy that's for the
phone you have to spin it stronger yeah
I hit myself summer good that's all okay
no my news nope nope nope and we're
going to look at it there I should also
point out that this is a p1 spinner okay
it's okay